Components
----------

**src/containers/Classes.js**

### 1. Classes

Displays a list of ItemCards representing all of the classes 
a student or professor is taking or teaching, respectively.
Clicking on a class will take you to the projects page for that class.   




-----
**src/containers/Landing.js**

### 1. Landing

The home page.   




-----
**src/containers/Projects.js**

### 1. Projects

Displays a list of ItemCards representing the projects available for a class. 
Students can click on an ItemCard to submit or view their submission,
while professors click on ItemCards to view project analytics.
Professors can also update or insert new projects from this page.   




-----
**src/containers/professor/Analytics.js**

### 1. ProfessorAnalytics

Page displaying analytics for a project (i.e. grade distribution)   




-----
**src/containers/professor/Login.js**

### 1. ProfessorLogin

Login page for professors.   




-----
**src/containers/professor/UpsertClass.js**

### 1. ProfessorUpsertClass

Form where professors can add a new class or update an existing class.   




-----
**src/containers/professor/UpsertProject.js**

### 1. ProfessorUpsertProject

Form where professors can add a new project or update an existing project.   




-----
**src/containers/student/Login.js**

### 1. StudentLogin

Login page for students.   




-----
**src/containers/student/Submission.js**

### 1. StudentSubmission

Form where students can upload and submit a project.   




-----
**src/shared/Content.js**

### 1. Content

This class represents the content of a standard-format page.   




-----
**src/shared/Header.js**

### 1. Header

The header that shows up on every page once a user has logged in.   




-----
**src/shared/ItemCard.js**

### 1. ItemCard

Represents a card object with a title, subtitle, and description.
Cards are meant to be clickable to display more information about the object they represent.   




-----
**src/shared/SidePanel.js**

### 1. SidePanel

This class represents the gradient strip that shows up as a sidepanel on most pages.   




-----

<sub>This document was generated by the <a href="https://github.com/marborkowski/react-doc-generator" target="_blank">**React DOC Generator v1.2.5**</a>.</sub>
